README.md, before:

## Laravel Deployer

This is a [Deployer](https://deployer.org) recipe for Laravel projects that doesn't rely on symlinks
and instead pulls latest code from git repository. 

## Installation

Install the package via composer:

``` sh
composer require foodkit/laravel-deployer
```

## Configuration

Define the `deploy.php` file in your project root:

```
<?php

namespace Deployer;

require __DIR__.'/vendor/foodkit/laravel-deployer/src/laravel-norevision.php';

// Configuration
set('ssh_type', 'native');
set('ssh_multiplexing', true);
set('branch', 'production');
set('repository', 'git@github.com:company/project.git');

// Servers
server('production', '1.2.3.4')
    ->user('root')
    ->identityFile()
    ->set('deploy_path', '/var/www/project')
    ->pty(true);

```

You may want to run the deployment as standalone (not part of a project), in which case specify it:

```
set('standalone', true);
```

## How to deploy

Run the deploy command:

``` sh
php vendor/bin/dep deploy
```

Optionally, a tag or a branch can be specified on the command line:

``` sh
php vendor/bin/dep deploy --tag="v0.1"
php vendor/bin/dep deploy --branch="develop"
```

To see what exactly happening you can increase verbosity of output with `--verbose` option: 

* `-v`  for normal output,
* `-vv`  for more verbose output,
* `-vvv`  for debug.

Before starting the deployment on server, the following checks will be performed:

* Check the working copy of the repo, show an error and abort if there are uncommitted changes
* If a branch is referenced but doesn't exist, show an error
* If a tag is referenced but it doesn't exist, ask the user if it should be created. 
If the user enters "N", show an error and abort. If "Y", create the tag and continue.

Commit message:

Added an option to exclude the migration step.

README.md, after:

## Laravel Deployer

This is a [Deployer](https://deployer.org) recipe for Laravel projects that doesn't rely on symlinks
and instead pulls latest code from git repository. 

## Installation

Install the package via composer:

``` sh
composer require foodkit/laravel-deployer
```

## Configuration

Define the `deploy.php` file in your project root:

```
<?php

namespace Deployer;

require __DIR__.'/vendor/foodkit/laravel-deployer/src/laravel-norevision.php';

// Configuration
set('ssh_type', 'native');
set('ssh_multiplexing', true);
set('branch', 'production');
set('repository', 'git@github.com:company/project.git');

// Servers
server('production', '1.2.3.4')
    ->user('root')
    ->identityFile()
    ->set('deploy_path', '/var/www/project')
    ->pty(true);

```

You may want to run the deployment as standalone (not part of a project), in which case specify it:

```
set('standalone', true);
```

Also, the migration step can be disable if your app doesn't require it:

```
set('migration', false);
```

## How to deploy

Run the deploy command:

``` sh
php vendor/bin/dep deploy
```

Optionally, a tag or a branch can be specified on the command line:

``` sh
php vendor/bin/dep deploy --tag="v0.1"
php vendor/bin/dep deploy --branch="develop"
```

To see what exactly happening you can increase verbosity of output with `--verbose` option: 

* `-v`  for normal output,
* `-vv`  for more verbose output,
* `-vvv`  for debug.

Before starting the deployment on server, the following checks will be performed:

* Check the working copy of the repo, show an error and abort if there are uncommitted changes
* If a branch is referenced but doesn't exist, show an error
* If a tag is referenced but it doesn't exist, ask the user if it should be created. 
If the user enters "N", show an error and abort. If "Y", create the tag and continue.
